
The Fly on Doritos
B&M|Doritos
he checked their photos and some videos

don't check
held
You won't get the job
HR Building
Main Building
He even checked what kind of chairs were there in the photos he found so that he would avoid making any annoying noises while pulling the chair to sit in front of the interviewers. Vincent's brain more or less changed into a mini supercomputer doing all sort of calculations to simulate his interview scenario with the pieces of information he had. In between all of these thoughts, his friend's name randomly crossed his mind.

continue
He even checked what kind of chairs were there in the photos he found so that he would avoid making any annoying noises while pulling the chair to sit in front of the interviewers. Vincent's brain more or less changed into a mini supercomputer doing all sort of calculations to simulate his interview scenario with the pieces of information he had. In between all of these thoughts, his friend's name randomly crossed his mind.

continue
 His friend, Jules, is an expert programmer working at Google. He has attended so many interviews and managed to do great in all of them, Vincent never understood how he did it.
ask him
don't ask him
give him some advice
You did not get the job
How should he ask him?
Nicely
Rudely
Jules responds sarcastically and utters: “it’s 2077, there’s nothing to worry about, don’t go hard on yourself and build confidence within you, master being calm and confident and you’ll have nothing to be nervous about as everything will go smooth and straightforward”! 
Continue
Vincent don't get this job, because Julies didn't gave him any advice
Start
felt
a burden of weight being raised from his shoulders when he heard Jules golden advice and so he threw himself on the couch feeling much more hopeful and optimism than before.
he felt even more scared for his interview than before
what he does next?
Start
he goes the next day ready to prepare himself mentally and spiritually for the upcoming interview that he was somehow craving for. 
he feels confident enough so he don't go to prepare in anyway for the interview
Months have passed and Vincent has mastered the art of stillness and composure, he sees great results in his daily life after weeks and weeks of meditating for hours. It was a
Sunny
Rainy
Because of lack of preparation Vincent doesn't get the job he wanted
Start
Vincent was sunbathing inside the local park as Jules pumped into him excited about a new idea that he’s determined to share Vincent with. 
next
Vincent was shopping the local shop as Jules pumped into him excited about a new idea that he’s determined to share Vincent with. 
next
“Oh, hi Vincent, you seem a lot happier than the last time we met” Jules said. “Oh Jules, I can’t believe you back! You changed my situation for the better and I can’t thank you enough” Vincent yells. Jules then shares the new idea with Vincent and convinces him that simulation is the one that will do his interview wonders! So Jules says: “I will create a simulation of your interview to get the perfect result and outcome of the job interview, are you ready to do this with me?” 
“Of course, please do it for me I’m so thrilled about it mate, and by the way come down my house today eve and we’ll have a cup of coffee planning it what do you reckon?”
"No way I'm going into some simulation that you created"
	"You are a good friend, Jules. Thank you! " says Vincent with hope in his eyes thinking about how successful the interview will be. 
Vincent doesn't get this job, because of lack of preparation
Start
There was no denying in the fact that Jules is the smartest man Vincent knows. For an accurate simulation, they need to do some research about the environment, about the interviewers and gather all the crucial information they can get their hands on.
"Every detail is important no matter how insignificant it may appear to us. Even anticipating the weather state is vital for the success of our simulation. Says Jules with a serious face trying to make Vincent understand." 
"You don't need to focus on every detail just focus on important events in simulation. Says Jules with a serious face trying to make Vincent understand."
They also do research on the building. After days of planning and researching, Jules is satisfied with the results of the simulation. "There is no way to get more accurate results" says Jules happy
They simulate repeat and choose 5 outputs with the highest probability of getting the job. " I want you to analyse and memorise your every move. Even the rhythm of your breathing must be the same as in these simulations" says Jules to Vincent
They did simulation single time and thought it will be enough
Consequences
Lack of preparation lost your opportunity to get the job
Start
As days pass by and the big interview is getting closer, Vincent gets more and more nervous. "What if I will mess up? What if I will forget when is the right moment to sit on my chair? " he asks himself panicked.
Vincent calls his friend again to tell him about his worries.
Jules laughs. "Calm down Vincent! Our simulations have the purpose to guide you. Take it easy! Breathe! Everything will turn out just fine. Sometimes what is important is to trust yourself. Computers are smart, but they can not do that. " 
Jules replies anglry. "I've done enough for you now could you please leve me alone and deal with your problems yourself"
Consequences
Vincent starts to feel better. Days pass by and the day of the interview arrives. He is feeling very confident in his skills.
You've got your friend angry and she wasn't able to help you with your preparation so you lost opportunity to get the job
Start
It was the big day and Vincent was so excited that he could not sleep the night before the interview. He spent all night thinking:
About the simulations he had done, the mistakes he had made by speaking in a rambling way.
About how he's going to nail his interview
Next
Next
He knew how the interviewers were like. But Vincent was focused on getting the job. He wanted it to be done. He was wearing:
a pitch-black blazer that covered his white shirt and a black papillon that highlighted his face.
polo shirt and jeans to look like he's not worrying about nothing
Vincent was an hour early for the interview, so he opted to sit somewhere and take a sip of coffee so as not to fall asleep during the interview. He waits in the queue to order his favourite succulent coffee from Costa. While waiting in the queue he noticed in a post the new caramel cappuccino at the same price as a normal cappuccino. What did he ordered?:
succulent coffee
caramel cappuccino
Because of Vincent's dress up, he didn't get this job
Start
He sits outside the building sipping that new aroma of caramel mixed with cappuccino until a notification audio comes on his neural galaxy s77 which stops him drinking. The neural implant asks Vincent if he wants to accept the audio notifications from Jules
he agrees
he disagrees
For some reason coffe was poisoned so he died on the spot
Start
"Hi Vincent, I know you're nervous but don't worry, just remember how things went during the simulation, there you will. I look forward to hearing from you after the interview, bye". Vincent does not notice the time he has spent on the Costa, he hurries up without finishing his caramel coffee. He hurried to the basket and threw the cup which hit the edge of the basket as the coffee spills to the ground. A drop hit Vincent's blazer as he carelessly ran towards the building's entrance.
next page
Vincent does not notice the time he has spent on the Costa, he hurries up without finishing his caramel coffee. He hurried to the basket and threw the cup which hit the edge of the basket as the coffee spills to the ground. A drop hit Vincent's blazer as he carelessly ran towards the building's entrance.
next page
As he got closer to the building he was feeling content and he was ready to get the job. Vincent enters the building carefully and goes to the reception where a young woman was busy arranging files through a virtual touchpad computer.  He waits until the woman finishes her work and notices him.  “ Hello, how may I help you?” she said to Vincent. Vincent replied:
“Hi, I have an interview at 9.00, I’m Vincent Carrera”
"Hello, I've been waiting for you to finish your work for a few minutes now
“Oh, you should go to floor 13 room 13. Good luck !” The floor and room number made Vincent feel a little uneasy but he got over it quickly. He soon arrives at the door and an assistant invites him in. 
He enters in an all-white room where a 2-meter long table in the centre with 4 people seated on one side awaited him. Dressed in black like judges ready to assess a convict who in this case was Vincent.
He enters in all-black room where small round table in the corner of the room and 6 people seated on it awaited him. Dressed in white tracksuits.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
The interview goes as planned for the first few minutes. Then in a room flied a: 
fly
bird
He was confuesed as these people were his old enemies from university. They kept bullying him like they did in his first year of college
Vincent cried and ran away from office
Shake it off, and tried to continue the interview
attracted by the smell of caramel on Vincent’s blazer sits on his nose and makes him sneeze.  He remembers feeling in control right before entering the room but now he is terrified at the thought that he had lost his chance to work for this company. Vincent tries to 
shake it off, apologises and continues as if nothing happens
do not attract any attention to what just happened
It was a pigeon, Vincent was scared of it so he ducked under small table that was in the room and
Passed out
Apologised of this weird choice of action
To sneeze is a human involuntary reflex" the young man says to himself. He has a flashback to the long hours spent simulating the possible outcomes of the interview and this has never happened in the simulations. In the end, the interviewers let him know the job was his.
Last choice
The mans who have been sitting around the table were disguisted by his behaviour
But at the end still gave him his job
Refused to let that behaviour be apart of their team
Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
Last choice
And Vincent didn't get this job
Start
Job he got was:
Position for a janitor
Position for a senior software developer
Position for a warehouse operative
Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
After this incident Vincent got in to deep depression and no one saw him ever again
Start
Interviewers were surprised by his courage and decided to let him try to work at this company. And gave him job
Last choice
