
The Fly on Doritos





You won't get the job


He even checked what kind of chairs were there in the photos he found so that he would avoid making any annoying noises while pulling the chair to sit in front of the interviewers. Vincent's brain more or less changed into a mini supercomputer doing all sort of calculations to simulate his interview scenario with the pieces of information he had. In between all of these thoughts, his friend's name randomly crossed his mind.


He even checked what kind of chairs were there in the photos he found so that he would avoid making any annoying noises while pulling the chair to sit in front of the interviewers. Vincent's brain more or less changed into a mini supercomputer doing all sort of calculations to simulate his interview scenario with the pieces of information he had. In between all of these thoughts, his friend's name randomly crossed his mind.


 His friend, Jules, is an expert programmer working at Google. He has attended so many interviews and managed to do great in all of them, Vincent never understood how he did it.



You did not get the job
How should he ask him?


Jules responds sarcastically and utters: “it’s 2077, there’s nothing to worry about, don’t go hard on yourself and build confidence within you, master being calm and confident and you’ll have nothing to be nervous about as everything will go smooth and straightforward”! 

Vincent don't get this job, because Julies didn't gave him any advice








Months have passed and Vincent has mastered the art of stillness and composure, he sees great results in his daily life after weeks and weeks of meditating for hours. It was a


Because of lack of preparation Vincent doesn't get the job he wanted

Vincent was sunbathing inside the local park as Jules pumped into him excited about a new idea that he’s determined to share Vincent with. 

Vincent was shopping the local shop as Jules pumped into him excited about a new idea that he’s determined to share Vincent with. 

“Oh, hi Vincent, you seem a lot happier than the last time we met” Jules said. “Oh Jules, I can’t believe you back! You changed my situation for the better and I can’t thank you enough” Vincent yells. Jules then shares the new idea with Vincent and convinces him that simulation is the one that will do his interview wonders! So Jules says: “I will create a simulation of your interview to get the perfect result and outcome of the job interview, are you ready to do this with me?” 



Vincent doesn't get this job, because of lack of preparation

There was no denying in the fact that Jules is the smartest man Vincent knows. For an accurate simulation, they need to do some research about the environment, about the interviewers and gather all the crucial information they can get their hands on.


They also do research on the building. After days of planning and researching, Jules is satisfied with the results of the simulation. "There is no way to get more accurate results" says Jules happy



Lack of preparation lost your opportunity to get the job

As days pass by and the big interview is getting closer, Vincent gets more and more nervous. "What if I will mess up? What if I will forget when is the right moment to sit on my chair? " he asks himself panicked.
Vincent calls his friend again to tell him about his worries.




You've got your friend angry and she wasn't able to help you with your preparation so you lost opportunity to get the job

It was the big day and Vincent was so excited that he could not sleep the night before the interview. He spent all night thinking:




He knew how the interviewers were like. But Vincent was focused on getting the job. He wanted it to be done. He was wearing:


Vincent was an hour early for the interview, so he opted to sit somewhere and take a sip of coffee so as not to fall asleep during the interview. He waits in the queue to order his favourite succulent coffee from Costa. While waiting in the queue he noticed in a post the new caramel cappuccino at the same price as a normal cappuccino. What did he ordered?:


Because of Vincent's dress up, he didn't get this job

He sits outside the building sipping that new aroma of caramel mixed with cappuccino until a notification audio comes on his neural galaxy s77 which stops him drinking. The neural implant asks Vincent if he wants to accept the audio notifications from Jules


For some reason coffe was poisoned so he died on the spot

"Hi Vincent, I know you're nervous but don't worry, just remember how things went during the simulation, there you will. I look forward to hearing from you after the interview, bye". Vincent does not notice the time he has spent on the Costa, he hurries up without finishing his caramel coffee. He hurried to the basket and threw the cup which hit the edge of the basket as the coffee spills to the ground. A drop hit Vincent's blazer as he carelessly ran towards the building's entrance.

Vincent does not notice the time he has spent on the Costa, he hurries up without finishing his caramel coffee. He hurried to the basket and threw the cup which hit the edge of the basket as the coffee spills to the ground. A drop hit Vincent's blazer as he carelessly ran towards the building's entrance.

As he got closer to the building he was feeling content and he was ready to get the job. Vincent enters the building carefully and goes to the reception where a young woman was busy arranging files through a virtual touchpad computer.  He waits until the woman finishes her work and notices him.  “ Hello, how may I help you?” she said to Vincent. Vincent replied:


“Oh, you should go to floor 13 room 13. Good luck !” The floor and room number made Vincent feel a little uneasy but he got over it quickly. He soon arrives at the door and an assistant invites him in. 


Double-click this passage to edit it.
The interview goes as planned for the first few minutes. Then in a room flied a: 


He was confuesed as these people were his old enemies from university. They kept bullying him like they did in his first year of college


attracted by the smell of caramel on Vincent’s blazer sits on his nose and makes him sneeze.  He remembers feeling in control right before entering the room but now he is terrified at the thought that he had lost his chance to work for this company. Vincent tries to 


It was a pigeon, Vincent was scared of it so he ducked under small table that was in the room and


To sneeze is a human involuntary reflex" the young man says to himself. He has a flashback to the long hours spent simulating the possible outcomes of the interview and this has never happened in the simulations. In the end, the interviewers let him know the job was his.

The mans who have been sitting around the table were disguisted by his behaviour


Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.

And Vincent didn't get this job

Job he got was:



Double-click this passage to edit it.
Double-click this passage to edit it.
After this incident Vincent got in to deep depression and no one saw him ever again

Interviewers were surprised by his courage and decided to let him try to work at this company. And gave him job

